Good morning, family.
I have some things on my heart today.
I want to talk to you about some of the things I have prophesied and told you were coming.
I am a prophetic intercessor, so the Lord will show me things that are coming when I pray.
Some things we can change, and some things we can't.
People say, "How accurate are you?
How much is the Lord?
You're just saying all this stuff and there's nothing to it.
" I get all kinds of crazy emails, so I'm going to show you some of the things that are coming to pass because you haven't known me that long.
I've only been on here about six months with my gifting, telling you the things that are coming.
Prophecy 1: The Lord warned me on July 6, 2014.
I had a visitation from Jesus.
I told you he took me to the Tribulation, and we bounced around from year to year.
He showed me things that were coming.
Right before the visitation was over, he said, "Brandon, right before my coming, there's going to be a lot of talk and things on the news about alien encounters and visitations.
You need to know these are demonic forces; these are demons.
It's fallen angel stuff, not aliens.
There's no such thing as aliens; it's demons.
It is a great deception to try to explain away where the body of Christ goes when the Rapture of the church takes place.
" I waited through 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017, and there was nothing really in the news.
Now, here we are in 2024, and we are having what people call Nephilim encounters in Miami.
It's all on the news—police cars and all kinds of weird stuff.
There are so many things in the news about aliens on a daily basis.
The Pentagon is talking about it, and there are encounters in Europe.
It is increasing.
I believe we are going to see this stuff even more on TV.
We're going to see manifestations of demonic stuff like this trying to cause a great deception to confuse the world and cause more chaos.
Prophecy 2: Do you remember I told you I prayed about the ship with the rocket being set off in the Gulf of Mexico coming down the Mississippi River?
The Lord warned me to pray against this rocket attached to a barge.
The barge was shooting a rocket off that had an EMP on it—an electromagnetic pulse—to try to cause darkness.
It went out of the Mississippi into the Gulf of Mexico.
It was supposed to be carrying oats or some kind of grain.
If you look at when the grain harvest takes place in America, it's usually in early to late summer.
For the first time ever, I was scanning YouTube and noticed in my feed it says China is practicing launching rockets from boats.
It shows the rocket shooting off from the barge into outer space.
They're practicing this.
Why would they all of a sudden start doing this?
This is not a coincidence.
This is exactly what the Spirit of the Lord tried to warn you about.
These men on this boat were Asian-looking.
They were from Asia; I have no idea if it was China or whatever, but it's the same culture and people the Lord showed me on the boat.
It's coming to pass; it's in the news.
Prophecy 3: The Lord warned me about the two-state solution.
Now, here we are.
We have Benjamin Netanyahu saying we will not accept this agreement.
Antony Blinken, our Secretary of State, went over and was trying to bring a two-state solution to have Palestine take part of Jerusalem, to split Jerusalem.
This happened just two or three days ago.
Another word I warned about is the eclipse coming in April, which is a major sign.
I told you there were clouds and lightning, and it was freezing.
I said it was very odd the way this eclipse was darkened out.
The Lord was warning me about this eclipse; it's very serious to be praying over these things.
I'm not telling you this to cause fear, but to warn the prayer warriors who know how to stand in the gap.
They're talking about peace and safety, and then sudden destruction.
I warned you in the World War III video that Turkey was beating the drums.
I saw huge war drums in the spirit, and I said Turkey will get involved.
I saw a demonic-looking fallen angel coming out of a pit with a Viking helmet and a war sash, creating war all over Europe and messing with Putin.
Then I saw men with red hats marching towards Israel to cause destruction.
I believe those are either Turkish fighters or Hezbollah.
I prophesied the war in Israel before it started.
I also saw the fires in Hawaii before they manifested.
Do I still believe there's more with Hawaii?
Yes, I do.
There are surprise attacks like Pearl Harbor; it's not over.
In this article, the soldiers are marching with little red berets, just like I saw.
Prophecy 4: Regarding the 2024 elections, I prayed over Michelle Obama, and the Lord showed me she would try to rise up and take the White House.
They had a secret plan for her to replace Joe and become the Democratic nominee, bringing in Gavin with her.
I haven't seen anything change in the spirit.
You never want to assume; you want to maintain the course and do what He tells you.
Pray and obey, like a heartbeat.
Today, I saw an article saying she's talking about running because they see Donald Trump as a major threat after his landslide victory in Iowa.
They know they've got to do something other than "Sleepy Joe" because his mind's not right; he's overcoming Alzheimer's or something.
I warned you they would keep extending lawsuits against Donald Trump through the summer.
I saw a major red MAGA on the hats rising up even more.
We saw that already in Iowa; it was one of the largest turnouts in that state's history for the Republican Party.
Prophecy 5: I saw something happening with crypto.
This is not financial advice.
I saw an ETF being signed by BlackRock.
I warned you about the dragon hiding behind the BlackRock in the World War III vision, and now that company is signing agreements with crypto for an ETF.
The Lord called it a season of "great grace"—a financial breakthrough.
He tells me to pray about interest rates and financial matters so the body of Christ will be the head and not the tail.
Prophecy 6: Jamie Dimon warns that powerful forces will impact the U.
S.
economy in 2024 and 2025.
The head of JPMorgan is warning about something taking place.
I warned you about 2025 being very dark, with a major depression worse than the 1930s.
Prophecy 7: The Lord warned me about great shortages of prescription medications.
If you depend on medicine for your life, try to have a small storehouse of it.
There's an article now about how people are not able to get the medicines they need.
Prophecy 8: I told you about banks seizing money, like what happened in Cyprus.
I told you to watch the Euro as the first domino before the dollar falls and we move to a digital dollar.
The Lord told me there would be an acceleration from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
We are seeing the birthing pains manifest like labor pains upon a woman; they keep getting worse and worse.
We've entered a phase of intense labor pains happening very quickly.
We're still looking for earthquakes in diverse places.
The 4.
2 Oklahoma earthquake—now come on folks, that's big for Oklahoma.
We get tornadoes, straight-line winds, and huge hail and everything else—major storms a lot of times here—but a 4.
2 earthquake?
I mean, folks, that's big.
It rattled everybody; it freaked everybody out.
But it was one of the things that—you all didn't know me then—that I prophesied: that there would start to be earthquakes in Oklahoma.
I warned people and the Lord told me, 'Do not be afraid because they will get bigger and increase.
' I warned people even at my old church and I told them that I saw a 5.
2 or 5.
5 getting pretty big for Oklahoma.
Then when the major New Madrid fault—Texarkana, Tulsa—I saw a 6.
5 earthquake going through that area, and it was going to destroy the houses on cinder blocks.
I warned you all about that too.
When the 10.
0 happens, two faults go off and it rattles the nation, it rattles the world.
It's awesome to be in the last days, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is coming, and I hope you're ready.
We see the signs of the times every day, all the time.
Things are happening, from deceptions to all kinds of stuff.
We're seeing corruption being uncovered.
We're seeing manifestations of stuff that we've never dreamed of, I believe, in our lifetime.
People have been prophesying it forever.
My grandma said she never dreamed any of this stuff would happen.
Grandma's 88 years old.
She told me, 'Brandon, it is crazy out there.
' She remembers as a little girl Hitler and the stories of all the stuff that they saw on the news.
It's just amazing where we are.
Look at what Jesus told us and prophesied was coming to pass, and here we are, folks.
We're right there.
I just want to tell you all, if you don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior and you're not serving him with your whole heart, you're a real goofball.
You need to get your life right, right now.
Repent of your sins, turn from your wicked ways, and get Jesus.
Say, 'Jesus, come into my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Father, I thank you.
I want you to be my Father, my Lord, and Savior.
' I'm going to find a good Bible-teaching church, get a Bible, read your Bible, and pray every day.
It's easy to be a Christian; we make it hard.
It's not about being perfect; it's about walking a righteous lifestyle and doing the best we can.
You don't have to be perfect to be a Christian.
Look at the thief on the cross.
He was messed up up there; he was dying and he said—you know the story—'Today you'll be with me in Paradise.
' He didn't have to say a long sinner's prayer.
He died that moment and went to be with Jesus.
All you have to do is just believe in your heart, confess with your mouth, and believe that Jesus Christ rose from the dead.
He died for you and he's on the right hand of the Father right now, making intercession for you.
That's all you've got to do: believe what he said he did for you.
Go read John over and over again.
I just want to encourage you all today.
Let me pray for you all.
Father, I just thank you for your hand on every single person here today.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over every single person watching this video.
I thank you, Father, that you keep us from calamity.
I thank you, Father, that you said you rebuke the devourer for our sake according to Malachi.
I thank you for every tither, every giver, every person who sows into this.
You said in your word, Father, that you would cause the windows of heaven to open up over their houses.
I call blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor over them right now in the name of Jesus.
We bind the devil off of their finances and we command you to get under our feet.
We command financial harvest to come now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth for these people.
I thank you, Lord, for the windows of heaven, like you said, are opened over them, and you're pouring out a blessing that we don't have room enough to receive.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand of blessing on our homes.
Thank you, Lord, that we don't struggle in economic downturns.
We will not participate in financial hardship.
Father, I thank you that we are made to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
We're going forward into overflow in our finances.
Father, I thank you, Lord, no matter what the economy is doing, no matter what they say about a recession, we're not going to participate in a recession or a depression.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we are always going to be well-covered and well-supplied for in every area of our life, even if you have to bring the food like you did for Elijah.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you took care of the children of Israel and you'll take care of your children—us, the born-again believers.
I thank you, Lord, that you're going to watch over us and protect us, Father, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
No matter if there's an earthquake or a tornado, every tongue that rises against you, you'll condemn it.
So we condemn the words of the people that speak against us.
We condemn the words of witchcraft in the name of Jesus.
We bind the words and cast them down.
They will not bear fruit.
We condemn those words and we say negative words, word curses, and curses of words, you fall to the ground and it goes back on them double.
We say in the name of Jesus, you will not touch us.
We plead the blood over our children, my wife, and our loved ones.
Father, cover us in the blood.
Father, you said in your word that greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.
And I thank you, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
I thank you, Father, that you have our hands, you're watching over us, you provide for us, and you take care of us.
We pray over our health today.
We call every single person that is watching this video healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're covered by the blood of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that Galatians 3:13 says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we take authority over sickness and disease because, Father, you took all sickness and all disease on your body for us.
And I thank you that you said in your word that by your stripes we are healed, and we receive healing and wholeness and wellness in every area of our life—physically, mentally, emotionally—whatever it may be.
It doesn't matter; nothing's too big for God to heal you from.
Whatever you have need of in your body—cells, cancer, diabetes—no matter what it is, Jesus paid the price for you to walk in divine health.
And I thank you, Lord, for that healing right now in Jesus' name.
Healing over hearts, livers, kidneys, brains, thyroids, and Hashimoto's.
We call them healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for it, and we give you all the glory and honor and praise that you already paid the price for us and that you've redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Jesus paid the price for you.
So I just want to encourage you all today: Jesus loves you so much.
And I just want to tell you all thank you for supporting my YouTube channel, for watching my videos, for clicking thumbs up.
It's been overwhelming—the love and the compassion from people supporting me.
For somebody who, this time last year, had nothing, and for where I am right now, God is faithful.
And I just want to say thank you.
It's because of people like you we're getting the Gospel throughout the whole world on a day-to-day basis.
People are getting saved, delivered, set free, and healed because of these videos and the Lord using them.
So I just want to say thank you for supporting it.
Well, if you could, like I said, like and subscribe and all that.
Put a comment down below; it helps with the algorithm.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you, and we will see you next time.
You all have a blessed day and we'll see you.
Bye-bye.